README.md, before:

# d2r-enjoy-sp
Enjoy-SP_Mod for Diablo II Resurrected

***********************************************************
==== Enjoy-SP Mod (by BanzaiAttack and SilentStorm989) ====
***********************************************************

This mod is devoted to people who want to enjoy the single player mode to the full extend. This is mainly achieved by increasing 
the overall droprates of unique, set and rare items as well as runes. Also, the drop drates of very rare items such as Tyrael's Might
or high runes have been adjusted to a reasonable degree. Bosses in particular received an independend increase of their dropchances 
for unique items, thus are more satisfying to slay. Some Boss-drops were altered to fit certain themes. All unique items were included 
furthermore  A more fluent gameplay is provided by adjusting the experience gain on higher levels - so no more hard grinding after the 80s. 

The goal for this mod was to enable all the Diablo-content for the single player while keeping the "vanilla-feeling". This mod 
emphasizes on the distinction between Drop-Mods such as "The Perfect Drop Mod". It is not the goal of this mod to rain-down uniques
on a player. It rather wants to give a player the opportunity, or better, the possibility of exploring the full content of the game
without losing its core mechanics. So if you want to play a single player session and want a realistic chance of actually getting
unique items like Tyrael's, Windforce or Grandfather, then this mod is for you. It is of course not guarenteed that you will find all
of the items the game has to offer, but it is certain when played multiple times!

****Who is this Mod for?****

This Mod is for you, If you are a person...:

    ...with not a lot of time on your hands.
    ...who doesn't want to MF run for weeks to get something interesting.
    ...who doesn't want to specifically wear weaker MF-equipment instead their cool stuff.
    ...who wants to play Diablo II with your friends again "for nostalgic reasons".
    ...who always wanted to use the low level uniques and beat Andariel with it.
    ...who wants to find his own runes and finally build that one RW you always wanted.
    ...who wants to try out the builds they always wanted.
    ...who simply wants to enjoy your favorite game once again.

This Mod is not for people...:

    ...who wants multi player like drops.
    ...who wants to play the game for months to grind the runes and items they want.
    ...who doesn't like the idea of bosses drop more than 3 uniques.
    ...who prefere an even higher drop rate (like Perfect Drop Mod).
    ...who wants a complete new Diablo experience (new bosses, new level).


==================================
------- List of Changes ----------
==================================


***General Changes***

- Experience gain on higher levels is now increased, starting from level 70.
- The required level of unique items has been reduced to use them a bit earlier in the game
- Gambling: Increased the chance of getting uniques, rares and sets
- Stack size of Books increased to 50


***Item Drop***

- A general decrease in junk-drops
- Increased general drop rate for Uniques by ~300%
- Increased general drop rate for Sets by ~500%
- Increased general drop rate for Rares by ~150%
- Massively increased the drop-rates of runes, especially of high-runes
- Adjusted the ratio of getting uber-rare items
- Chests are less likely to drop junk
- Super Unique Monsters (like Rakanishu e.g.) are far more likely to drop set-items
- Increased drop-rate of unique monsters
- The item-level and the required-level of 80+ weapons and armors were lowered, to increase the chance of them dropping before level 80

***Bosses***

- Heavily increased drop-rates for the 5 Act-Bosses
- Doubled the amount of gold drop off of bosses
- A Mini-Boss class was included. They have a high chance of rare and unique drops but drop significantly less than Act-Bosses.
- Monster of the Mini-Boss class are:
	-> Act 1: Blood Raven, Griswold, The Smith, The Countess
	-> Act 2: Radament, The Worm, The Summoner
	-> Act 3: The 5 Council members
	-> Act 4: Izual, Hephasto, the 3 Seal-Lords
	-> Act 5: Shenk, the 3 Ancients, Pindleskin, Nilathak
- Altered the drop-rates of the 5 super unique monsters in the throne room of Baal
- All three Ancients now drop items


***Cube Recipes***

- Removed Hel-Rune from the de-socked recipe. New recipe: 1 Town Scroll + Socketed Item (destroys gems).
- Removed the gems from the rune upgrade recipes. 
	- Up until Pul: 3 of the same runes = next rune
	- After Pul: 2 of a kind + jewel = next rune
- 1 Town Scroll + 1 Scroll of Identify = Token of Absolution
- 1 Perfect Gem + 1 Unique Item = 1 socket for that unique item
- 1 Perfect Skull + 1 Set Item = 1 socket for that set item
- Socketing normal and superior items:
	- 1 socket: 1 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 2 socket: 2 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 3 socket: 3 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 4 socket: 4 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 5 sockets: perf.skull + unique ring + norm or sup item
	- 6 sockets: 2 perf.skull + unique ring + norm or sup item
	
	***Character's Changes***
	
	- When creating a new character if before they had a shield they no longer do.  Watch MrLamaSc videos.
	- Sorceress character now starts with charged bolt.

Commit message:

No more death by Bone Fetish

README.md, after:

# d2r-enjoy-sp
Enjoy-SP_Mod for Diablo II Resurrected

***********************************************************
==== Enjoy-SP Mod (by BanzaiAttack and SilentStorm989) ====
***********************************************************

This mod is devoted to people who want to enjoy the single player mode to the full extend. This is mainly achieved by increasing 
the overall droprates of unique, set and rare items as well as runes. Also, the drop drates of very rare items such as Tyrael's Might
or high runes have been adjusted to a reasonable degree. Bosses in particular received an independend increase of their dropchances 
for unique items, thus are more satisfying to slay. Some Boss-drops were altered to fit certain themes. All unique items were included 
furthermore  A more fluent gameplay is provided by adjusting the experience gain on higher levels - so no more hard grinding after the 80s. 

The goal for this mod was to enable all the Diablo-content for the single player while keeping the "vanilla-feeling". This mod 
emphasizes on the distinction between Drop-Mods such as "The Perfect Drop Mod". It is not the goal of this mod to rain-down uniques
on a player. It rather wants to give a player the opportunity, or better, the possibility of exploring the full content of the game
without losing its core mechanics. So if you want to play a single player session and want a realistic chance of actually getting
unique items like Tyrael's, Windforce or Grandfather, then this mod is for you. It is of course not guarenteed that you will find all
of the items the game has to offer, but it is certain when played multiple times!

****Who is this Mod for?****

This Mod is for you, If you are a person...:

    ...with not a lot of time on your hands.
    ...who doesn't want to MF run for weeks to get something interesting.
    ...who doesn't want to specifically wear weaker MF-equipment instead their cool stuff.
    ...who wants to play Diablo II with your friends again "for nostalgic reasons".
    ...who always wanted to use the low level uniques and beat Andariel with it.
    ...who wants to find his own runes and finally build that one RW you always wanted.
    ...who wants to try out the builds they always wanted.
    ...who simply wants to enjoy your favorite game once again.

This Mod is not for people...:

    ...who wants multi player like drops.
    ...who wants to play the game for months to grind the runes and items they want.
    ...who doesn't like the idea of bosses drop more than 3 uniques.
    ...who prefere an even higher drop rate (like Perfect Drop Mod).
    ...who wants a complete new Diablo experience (new bosses, new level).


==================================
------- List of Changes ----------
==================================


***General Changes***

- Experience gain on higher levels is now increased, starting from level 70.
- The required level of unique items has been reduced to use them a bit earlier in the game
- Gambling: Increased the chance of getting uniques, rares and sets
- Stack size of Books increased to 50


***Item Drop***

- A general decrease in junk-drops
- Increased general drop rate for Uniques by ~300%
- Increased general drop rate for Sets by ~500%
- Increased general drop rate for Rares by ~150%
- Massively increased the drop-rates of runes, especially of high-runes
- Adjusted the ratio of getting uber-rare items
- Chests are less likely to drop junk
- Super Unique Monsters (like Rakanishu e.g.) are far more likely to drop set-items
- Increased drop-rate of unique monsters
- The item-level and the required-level of 80+ weapons and armors were lowered, to increase the chance of them dropping before level 80

***Bosses***

- Heavily increased drop-rates for the 5 Act-Bosses
- Doubled the amount of gold drop off of bosses
- A Mini-Boss class was included. They have a high chance of rare and unique drops but drop significantly less than Act-Bosses.
- Monster of the Mini-Boss class are:
	-> Act 1: Blood Raven, Griswold, The Smith, The Countess
	-> Act 2: Radament, The Worm, The Summoner
	-> Act 3: The 5 Council members
	-> Act 4: Izual, Hephasto, the 3 Seal-Lords
	-> Act 5: Shenk, the 3 Ancients, Pindleskin, Nilathak
- Altered the drop-rates of the 5 super unique monsters in the throne room of Baal
- All three Ancients now drop items


***Cube Recipes***

- Removed Hel-Rune from the de-socked recipe. New recipe: 1 Town Scroll + Socketed Item (destroys gems).
- Removed the gems from the rune upgrade recipes. 
	- Up until Pul: 3 of the same runes = next rune
	- After Pul: 2 of a kind + jewel = next rune
- 1 Town Scroll + 1 Scroll of Identify = Token of Absolution
- 1 Perfect Gem + 1 Unique Item = 1 socket for that unique item
- 1 Perfect Skull + 1 Set Item = 1 socket for that set item
- Socketing normal and superior items:
	- 1 socket: 1 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 2 socket: 2 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 3 socket: 3 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 4 socket: 4 perf gem + norm or rare or sup item
	- 5 sockets: perf.skull + unique ring + norm or sup item
	- 6 sockets: 2 perf.skull + unique ring + norm or sup item

***Other Changes (Not in the original mod)***

	- When creating a new character if before they had a shield they no longer do.  Watch MrLamaSc videos.
	- Sorceress character now starts with charged bolt.
	- No more death damage by Bone Fetish
